Add change log for v10.0.0-rc.5 release. (#528)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone.

# 10.0.0-rc.5 July 28, 2021

**The Mapbox Maps SDK for Android has moved to release candidate status and is now ready for production use.**

## Breaking changes ⚠️

> * Improve camera API consumption from java programming language by adding a JvmName annotations. ([#495](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/495))

Author: Does this PR only changes the Java signature? So it's a breaking change only for Java users?

Reviewer: Yes, it should be relevant for Java only users.

> * Improve camera API consumption from java programming language by adding a JvmName annotations. ([#495](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/495))

Reviewer: Can we be a bit more specific here? or should we be more specific in release notes?

Author: I think we should be both specific and concise here, and maybe we can expand further in the release notes.

* Rename `AttributionView#setOnClickListener` to `setViewOnClickListener` to avoid overloading the Android SDK method. Results in compilation on Android P and above. Adjust codebase to changes in enforced nullability of Android SDK code. ([#497](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/497))

> * Get rid of using reflection when creating plugins. Which will decrease MapView startup time if plugins are enabled. ([#519](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/519))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Get rid of using reflection when creating plugins which should decrease `MapView` startup time if plugins are enabled. ([#519](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/519))
```

## Features ✨ and improvements 🏁
* Add showLogo and showAttributes config for snapshotter. User can then hide logo and attributions in a snapshotter ([#496](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/496))

> * Add lifecycle plugin, users don't need to call onStart/onStop/onDestroy methods with this plugin ([#485](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/485))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add lifecycle plugin so there is no need to call onStart/onStop/onDestroy methods explicitly ([#485](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/485))
```

Author: I guess we should maybe mention the limitations as well, wdyt?

> * Add `showLogo` and `showAttributes` config for snapshotter. User can then hide logo and attributions in a snapshotter ([#496](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/496))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `showLogo` and `showAttributes` config for snapshotter which are defaulted to true. User can then hide logo and attributions in a snapshotter ([#496](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/496))
```

* Add a minimum Android Auto test app and an optional Android Auto extension that provide convenient extension function to initialise the MapSurface from a Car App Session. ([#488](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/488))
* Add lint check for lifecycle methods ([#516](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/516))

> * Get rid of reflection for creating plugins. That will lead to decreasing MapView startup time if plugins are enabled. ([#519](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/519))

Reviewer: that's a breaking change, more info in PR description

Author: seems it is also marked as feature label, guess that's why it ended up in this section

Author: Also, maybe we can add more specifics here about the exact API breaking change.

Reviewer: I've marked it with both labels, my fault, script seems to respect only the first label.

Author: no worries, we can fix it afterwards anyway 😄
